org/dmfs/tasks/notification/TaskNotificationHandler.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.TaskNotificationHandler
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/DeferDueAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.DeferDueAction
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/ChecklistFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.ChecklistFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/AbstractGroupingFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.AbstractGroupingFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListWidgetProviderLarge.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetProviderLarge
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/NotifyStickyAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.NotifyStickyAction
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/colors/BlendColor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.colors.BlendColor
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/UrlFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.UrlFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/SearchHistoryCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.SearchHistoryCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/RecurrenceRuleView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.RecurrenceRuleView
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/ActionReceiver.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.ActionReceiver
org/dmfs/tasks/TaskListActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$1$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$4
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListActivity$5
org/dmfs/tasks/TasksApplication.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.TasksApplication
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/ByPriority.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByPriority
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByPriority$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByPriority$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByPriority$2$1
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/PermissionRequest.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.PermissionRequest
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/SearchHistoryCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.SearchHistoryCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeCursorLoader.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeCursorLoader
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/SettingsSignal.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.SettingsSignal
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/NoSignal.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.NoSignal
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/BooleanFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.BooleanFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/PriorityCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.PriorityCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/DatabaseInitializedReceiver.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DatabaseInitializedReceiver
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/BaseTaskView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.BaseTaskView
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/ActionService.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.ActionService
org/dmfs/tasks/model/AbstractArrayChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.AbstractArrayChoicesAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/RecentlyUsedLists.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.RecentlyUsedLists
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/StateInfo.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.StateInfo
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/Sound.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.Sound
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/AllSignal.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.AllSignal
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/After.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.After
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/ByDueDate.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByDueDate
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByDueDate$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByDueDate$2
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/EmptyCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.EmptyCursorLoaderFactory
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.EmptyCursorLoaderFactory$1
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/MarshmallowPermissions.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.MarshmallowPermissions
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.MarshmallowPermissions$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.MarshmallowPermissions$MarshmallowPermission
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.MarshmallowPermissions$MarshmallowPermissionRequest
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ObservableSparseArrayCompat.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ObservableSparseArrayCompat
com/jmedeisis/draglinearlayout/DragLinearLayout.java
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$1
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$2
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$3
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$3$1
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$4
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$5
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$DragHandleOnTouchListener
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$DragItem
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$DraggableChild
 com.jmedeisis.draglinearlayout.DragLinearLayout$OnViewSwapListener
org/dmfs/tasks/share/ShareIntentFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.share.ShareIntentFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/CompleteAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.CompleteAction
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/Conditional.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.Conditional
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/utils/NotificationPrefs.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.utils.NotificationPrefs
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/TasksListCursorSpinnerAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TasksListCursorSpinnerAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/FloatFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.FloatFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/TaskFieldAdapters.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.TaskFieldAdapters
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/ProgressCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.ProgressCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/CheckListFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldEditor
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldEditor$CheckItemTag
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldEditor$CheckItemTag$1
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/UpdateAllDay.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.UpdateAllDay
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/FlingDetector.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.FlingDetector
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.FlingDetector$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.FlingDetector$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.FlingDetector$OnFlingListener
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/BasicAppPermissions.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.BasicAppPermissions
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/TaskAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.TaskAction
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/AsyncContentLoader.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.AsyncContentLoader
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListSelectionFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListSelectionFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListSelectionFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListSelectionFragment$OnSelectionListener
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/PriorityCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.PriorityCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/Vibration.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.Vibration
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ExpandableChildDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ExpandableChildDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/TabConfig.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.TabConfig
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.TabConfig$Tab
org/dmfs/tasks/model/defaults/Default.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.defaults.Default
org/dmfs/tasks/QuickAddDialogFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.QuickAddDialogFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.QuickAddDialogFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.QuickAddDialogFragment$OnTextInputListener
 org.dmfs.tasks.QuickAddDialogFragment$TASK_LIST_PROJECTION_VALUES
org/dmfs/tasks/share/TimeFormatter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.share.TimeFormatter
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/TaskNotificationState.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.TaskNotificationState
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/Sorted.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.Sorted
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListWidgetSettingsActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetSettingsActivity
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/PercentageFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.PercentageFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/model/Sources.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.Sources
org/dmfs/tasks/model/IChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.IChoicesAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/PostUndoAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.PostUndoAction
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/filters/OrFilter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.filters.OrFilter
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/WipeNotificationAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.WipeNotificationAction
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/ByProgress.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByProgress
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByProgress$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByProgress$2
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/BySearch.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BySearch
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BySearch$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BySearch$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BySearch$2$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BySearch$2$GroupTag
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListWidgetUpdaterService.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetUpdaterService
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetUpdaterService$TaskListViewsFactory
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetUpdaterService$TaskListViewsFactory$1
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeStartCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeStartCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/CheckListFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldView
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldView$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldView$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldView$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldView$4
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/TimeChangeListener.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TimeChangeListener
org/dmfs/tasks/ViewTaskFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskFragment$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskFragment$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskFragment$Callback
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/ShiftTime.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.ShiftTime
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/SearchHistoryDatabaseHelper.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SearchHistoryDatabaseHelper
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SearchHistoryDatabaseHelper$SearchHistoryColumns
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/RecurrenceRuleEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.RecurrenceRuleEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/model/DescriptionItem.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.DescriptionItem
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/OpenAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.OpenAction
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/BaseActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.BaseActivity
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/colors/SmoothLightnessCapped.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.colors.SmoothLightnessCapped
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/LocationFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.LocationFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/colors/AdjustedForFab.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.colors.AdjustedForFab
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/ListenableScrollView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ListenableScrollView
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ListenableScrollView$OnScrollListener
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/DelegatingNotificationSignal.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.DelegatingNotificationSignal
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/Conditional.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.Conditional
org/dmfs/tasks/InputTextDialogFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.InputTextDialogFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.InputTextDialogFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.InputTextDialogFragment$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.InputTextDialogFragment$InputTextListener
org/dmfs/tasks/SyncSettingsActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.SyncSettingsActivity
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TextFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TextFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/ViewTaskActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskActivity
 org.dmfs.tasks.ViewTaskActivity$1
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/CursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.CursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/model/CursorChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.CursorChoicesAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/colors/DarkenedForStatusBar.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.colors.DarkenedForStatusBar
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/SearchChildDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SearchChildDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/model/OnContentChangeListener.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.OnContentChangeListener
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/TimeZoneWrapper.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.TimeZoneWrapper
org/dmfs/tasks/EditTaskActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.EditTaskActivity
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/ColorFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.ColorFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/UpdateWidgetsAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.UpdateWidgetsAction
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/AbstractFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.AbstractFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/FormattedStringFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.FormattedStringFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/AdjustPercentComplete.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.AdjustPercentComplete
org/dmfs/tasks/BuildConfig.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.BuildConfig
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/ListColorView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ListColorView
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ValidatingUri.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ValidatingUri
org/dmfs/tasks/model/defaults/DefaultBefore.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.defaults.DefaultBefore
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/filters/AbstractFilter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.filters.AbstractFilter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/layout/LayoutOptions.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.layout.LayoutOptions
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/RetainExpandableListView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.RetainExpandableListView
org/dmfs/tasks/model/IllegalDataKindException.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.IllegalDataKindException
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/TimezoneFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.TimezoneFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/RowState.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.RowState
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/AppPermissions.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.AppPermissions
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/ChoicesFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ChoicesFieldEditor
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ChoicesFieldEditor$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ChoicesFieldEditor$ChoicesSpinnerAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ChoicesFieldEditor$ChoicesSpinnerAdapter$SpinnerItemTag
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/AbstractCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.AbstractCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/DescriptionFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView$4
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.DescriptionFieldView$5
org/dmfs/tasks/model/ArrayChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.ArrayChoicesAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/UpdateAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.UpdateAction
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/ShiftIfAfter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.ShiftIfAfter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/defaults/DefaultAfter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.defaults.DefaultAfter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/utils/AppSettingsIntent.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.utils.AppSettingsIntent
org/dmfs/tasks/EditTaskFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.EditTaskFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.EditTaskFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.EditTaskFragment$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.EditTaskFragment$TASK_LIST_PROJECTION_VALUES
org/dmfs/tasks/model/ModelInflaterException.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.ModelInflaterException
org/dmfs/tasks/model/DefaultModel.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.DefaultModel
org/dmfs/tasks/SettingsListFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.SettingsListFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.SettingsListFragment$AccountAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.SettingsListFragment$VisibleListAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.SettingsListFragment$VisibleListAdapter$CheckableItem
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/FieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.FieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/PercentageFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.PercentageFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/SmartView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.SmartView
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/UrlFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.UrlFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/DelegatingTaskAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.DelegatingTaskAction
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/TasksListCursorAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TasksListCursorAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TasksListCursorAdapter$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TasksListCursorAdapter$SelectionEnabledListener
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/TaskNotificationService.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.TaskNotificationService
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/DescriptionFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.DescriptionFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/filters/AndFilter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.filters.AndFilter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/Permission.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.Permission
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeStartCursorLoader.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeStartCursorLoader
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeShortCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeShortCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/TimeFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.TimeFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/dialog/PermissionRequestDialogFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.dialog.PermissionRequestDialogFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.dialog.PermissionRequestDialogFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.dialog.PermissionRequestDialogFragment$2
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/DescriptionStringFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.DescriptionStringFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/BooleanFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.BooleanFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/UriFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.UriFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/PrefState.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.PrefState
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListWidgetItem.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetItem
org/dmfs/tasks/share/TaskShareDetails.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.share.TaskShareDetails
org/dmfs/tasks/dashclock/DashClockPreferenceActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.dashclock.DashClockPreferenceActivity
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeStartCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeStartCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/SetFromMap.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SetFromMap
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/CustomizedDefaultFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.CustomizedDefaultFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/NoOpPermissionRequest.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.NoOpPermissionRequest
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/SafeFragmentUiRunnable.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SafeFragmentUiRunnable
org/dmfs/tasks/model/XmlModel.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$4
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$5
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$6
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$7
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$DataKind
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$FieldInflater
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.XmlModel$ModelParserState
org/dmfs/tasks/model/layout/LayoutDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.layout.LayoutDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/BooleanFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.BooleanFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/PersistNotificationAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.PersistNotificationAction
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/NotifyAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.NotifyAction
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TaskView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TaskView
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/BeforeOrShiftTime.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.BeforeOrShiftTime
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/PinAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.PinAction
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/NotificationSignal.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.NotificationSignal
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ContentValueMapper.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ContentValueMapper
org/dmfs/tasks/model/ContentSet.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.ContentSet
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.ContentSet$1
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/ProgressBackgroundView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ProgressBackgroundView
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/filters/ConstantFilter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.filters.ConstantFilter
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/SearchHistoryHelper.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.SearchHistoryHelper
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/AsyncModelLoader.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.AsyncModelLoader
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/OnChildLoadedListener.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.OnChildLoadedListener
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/CancelDelayedAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.CancelDelayedAction
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/LegacyAppPermissions.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.LegacyAppPermissions
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.LegacyAppPermissions$LegacyPermission
org/dmfs/tasks/model/Model.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.Model
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/NotBefore.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.NotBefore
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ManifestAppName.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ManifestAppName
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/ChoicesFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.ChoicesFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/model/FieldDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.FieldDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/CancelNotificationAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.CancelNotificationAction
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/DelayedAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.DelayedAction
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/ManageListActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.ManageListActivity
 org.dmfs.tasks.ManageListActivity$1
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/OnContentLoadedListener.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.OnContentLoadedListener
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/conditions/NotificationEnabled.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.conditions.NotificationEnabled
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TimeFieldView.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TimeFieldView
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/RowStateInfo.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.RowStateInfo
org/dmfs/tasks/share/TaskShareTitle.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.share.TaskShareTitle
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ExpandableGroupDescriptorAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ExpandableGroupDescriptorAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ExpandableGroupDescriptorAdapter$1
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/BaseTaskViewDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.BaseTaskViewDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/TimeChangeObserver.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TimeChangeObserver
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TimeChangeObserver$1
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ExpandableGroupDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ExpandableGroupDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TimeFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TimeFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/NotAfter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.NotAfter
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/CheckListFieldViewLegacy.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.CheckListFieldViewLegacy
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/state/JsonStateInfo.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.state.JsonStateInfo
org/dmfs/tasks/model/CheckListItem.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.CheckListItem
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/Lights.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.Lights
org/dmfs/tasks/dashclock/TasksExtension.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.dashclock.TasksExtension
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/TaskIntentFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.TaskIntentFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/AbstractConstraint.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.AbstractConstraint
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/ProgressCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.ProgressCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TaskEdit.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TaskEdit
org/dmfs/tasks/EmptyTaskFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.EmptyTaskFragment
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/TextFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.TextFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/WidgetConfigurationDatabaseHelper.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.WidgetConfigurationDatabaseHelper
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.WidgetConfigurationDatabaseHelper$WidgetConfigurationColumns
org/dmfs/tasks/homescreen/TaskListWidgetProvider.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.homescreen.TaskListWidgetProvider
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/colors/Mixed.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.colors.Mixed
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/permission/utils/ManifestPermissionStrings.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.permission.utils.ManifestPermissionStrings
org/dmfs/tasks/notification/signals/Toggled.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.notification.signals.Toggled
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/CustomCursorLoader.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.CustomCursorLoader
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/TimeRangeCursorLoaderFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.TimeRangeCursorLoaderFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/TaskListFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$4
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$5
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$6
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$AsyncSelectChildTask
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$Callbacks
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$ListPosition
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskListFragment$SelectChildTaskParams
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/ByStartDate.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByStartDate
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByStartDate$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByStartDate$2
org/dmfs/tasks/JobIds.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.JobIds
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/DateFormatter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$3
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$4
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$5
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$6
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.DateFormatter$DateFormatContext$7
org/dmfs/tasks/model/MinimalModel.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.MinimalModel
org/dmfs/tasks/StaleListBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.StaleListBroadcastReceiver
org/dmfs/tasks/TaskGroupPagerAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.TaskGroupPagerAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/IntegerFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.IntegerFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/RemoveNotificationAction.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.RemoveNotificationAction
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/ByList.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByList
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByList$1
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByList$2
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.ByList$2$1
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/ChecklistConstraint.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.ChecklistConstraint
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/filters/BinaryOperationFilter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.filters.BinaryOperationFilter
org/dmfs/tasks/share/TaskBindings.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.share.TaskBindings
org/dmfs/tasks/model/constraints/DescriptionConstraint.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.constraints.DescriptionConstraint
org/dmfs/tasks/actions/Composite.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.actions.Composite
org/dmfs/tasks/quicksettings/TaskQuickSettingsTile.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.quicksettings.TaskQuickSettingsTile
 org.dmfs.tasks.quicksettings.TaskQuickSettingsTile$1
org/dmfs/tasks/groupings/cursorloaders/AbstractCustomCursorFactory.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.groupings.cursorloaders.AbstractCustomCursorFactory
org/dmfs/tasks/model/adapters/StringFieldAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.adapters.StringFieldAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/AppSettingsFragment.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.AppSettingsFragment
org/dmfs/android/widgets/ColoredShapeCheckBox.java
 org.dmfs.android.widgets.ColoredShapeCheckBox
org/dmfs/tasks/model/TimeZoneChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.TimeZoneChoicesAdapter
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.TimeZoneChoicesAdapter$1
org/dmfs/tasks/model/ResourceArrayChoicesAdapter.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.model.ResourceArrayChoicesAdapter
org/dmfs/tasks/widget/AbstractFieldEditor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.widget.AbstractFieldEditor
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/ViewDescriptor.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.ViewDescriptor
org/dmfs/tasks/utils/OnModelLoadedListener.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.utils.OnModelLoadedListener
org/dmfs/tasks/AppSettingsActivity.java
 org.dmfs.tasks.AppSettingsActivity
